feat(migrations): Adds support for CommonModule to standalone migration (#64138)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/reference/migrations/overview.md

  <docs-card title="NgClass to Class Bindings" link="Migrate now" href="reference/migrations/ngclass-to-class">
      Convert component templates to prefer class bindings over the `NgClass` directives when possible.
  </docs-card>
    <docs-card title="NgStyle to Style Bindings" link="Migrate now" href="reference/migrations/ngstyle-to-style">
      Convert component templates to prefer style bindings over the `NgStyle` directives when possible.
    </docs-card>
  <docs-card title="CommonModule to standalone imports" link="Migrate now" href="reference/migrations/common-to-standalone">

>     Replace usages of `CommonModule` with the individual directives and pipes needed by templates when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replace imports of the `CommonModule` with imports of the individual directives and pipes used in the templates when possible.
```

Author: Done
